Location: Near Sigma Ena
Date: 134.7.13 or 134.7.14

A Tri-Tachyon patrol, originally tasked with routine border patrol has been hurled by a rare hyperspace disaster 14 light-years off course. Under normal circumstances, a resupply would be provided every 2-3 days while on patrol, and thus the patrol carried less than two weeks' worth of supplies — no one had expected the hyperspace storm to strike so swiftly, or that the drive field would fail just as they were swept into a slipstream, sending them all the way to Halo Dynamics' controlled space. Repairs alone had nearly exhausted their supplies, and what remained was insufficient to last a trip back to corporate space at full speed, let alone the 70% original speed their heavily damaged Buffalo could muster.

Given the strained diplomatic relations between the two sides, the fleet commander had hoped not to make contact with Halo Dynamics. The consequences were disastrous: by the time they approached {Sigma Ena}, the fleet was running dangerously low on fuel and food was not far behind. Fortunately, the warships were still in good shape, and there did not seem to no of Halo Dynamics main fleet stationed nearby. An internal fleet meeting unanimously approved the preparation of an attack on a nearby civilian merchant fleet to secure necessary resources. Two crew members were dispatched via shuttle to a nearby space station to gather intelligence, and soon learned that a local merchant fleet was on its way to {Sarik}. The fleet had had posted recruitment notices for additional crew due to a manpower, and their route would pass near the nebula the Tri-Tachyon fleet was hiding.

Several buffaloes and hounds appeared on sensors, right on schedule, just as intelligence had predicted. The Tri-Tachyon fleet quickly fanned out and got into formation, forcing the merchant ships to surrender. All seemed to go well until the energy signature of a Halo Dynamics warship appeared at the rear of the convoy. Giving up and withdrawing now would cause local traders to beef up their defenses, and supplies would not hold out. After assessing the opposition, the fleet commander gives the order to eliminate all witnesses, seize the supplies and relatively intact merchant ships, and withdraw toward corporate space at full speed. As long as Halo Dynamics has no evidence, he can not only make it back alive, but also keep his position.